(narrator): Banquo goes for a ride before the royal feast with his son Fleance. Banquo promises he will be back in time for the dinner as to not upset the guests. The murderers enter.

(Macbeth): Know that it was he, in times past, which held you so under fortune, which you thought had been our innocent self. Can you let this go? Both of you know Banquo was your enemy.

(murderers): True, my lord. We are resolved, my lord.

(Macbeth): Banquo, thy soul’s flight, if it find heaven, must find it out tonight.

(narrator): The three murderers sent by Macbeth ambush Banquo and Fleance near the stables and attack the duo under the cover of the night.

(Banquo): O treachery! Fly, good Fleance, fly, fly, fly! Thou may ‘st revenge — O slave!
(narrator): Banquo is murdered and Fleance escapes, revenge in mind.

(murderers): The son is fled. We have lost best half of our affair.

(narrator): Blood on their hands, the murderers ride back to Macbeth’s castle. Macbeth begins the banquet with his guests.

(murderers): My lord, his throat is cut. That I did for him. Howe'er Fleance is ‘scaped.

(Macbeth): Then comes my fit again. I had else been perfect, whole as the marble, founded as the rock, as broad and general as the casing air. But now I am cabined, cribbed, confined, bound in to saucy doubts and fears. — But Banquo’s safe?

(murderers): Ay, my good lord. Safe in a ditch he lies.

(narrator): Macbeth commends the murderers for disposing of his most formidable enemy and rejoins the lively banquet.

(Macbeth): Sweet remembrancer! Now, good digestion wait on appetite, and health on both!

(narrator): Macbeth finds the ghost of Banquo sitting in his place.

(macbeth): Which of you have done this? Thou canst not say I did it. Never shake thy gory locks at me. 

(Lady macbeth):  Are you a man? 

(macbeth): Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that which might appall the devil. Avaunt, and quit my sight! Let the earth hide thee. Thy bones are marrowless, thy blood is cold. Thou hast no speculation in those eyes which thou dost glare with!

(narrator): Concerned and uneasy about the king’s insanity and hallucinations, the guests return to their suites for the night.

(macbeth): How say’st thou that Macduff denies his person at our great bidding?

(lady macbeth): Did you send to him, sir?

(macbeth): I hear it by the way; but I will send. There’s not a one of them but in his house I keep a servant fee’d. I will tomorrow— And betimes I will—to the weird sisters. More shall they speak, for now I am bent to know, by the worst means, the worst. For mine own good, all causes shall give way. I am in blood stepped in so far that, should I wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er. Strange things I have in head, that will to hand, which must be acted ere they may be scanned. 

(narrator): Macbeth and Lady Macbeth return to rest for the night. The next day, Macbeth visits the witches in hopes of ensuring his safety for which he now fears.

(Macbeth): Tell me, thou unknown power—

(First Apparition): Macbeth! Macbeth! Macbeth! Beware Macduff. Beware the thane of Fife. Dismiss me. Enough. 

(Second Apparition): Be bloody, bold, and resolute. Laugh to scorn the power of man, for none of woman born shall harm Macbeth.

(Third Apparition): Be lion-mettled, proud, and take no care who chafes, who frets, or where conspirers are. Macbeth shall never vanquished be until Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane hill shall come against him.

(Narrator): Macbeth asks for more about his future from the apparitions, but is dismissed, and the apparitions disappear alongside the witches. Lennox enters with news from his messengers.

(Lennox): 'Tis two or three, my lord, that bring you word Macduff is fled to England. 
