(Macbeth): Time, thou anticipat’st my dread exploits. The flighty purpose never is o'ertook unless the deed go with it. The castle of Macduff I will surprise, seize upon Fife, give to th' edge o' th' sword his wife, his babes, and all unfortunate souls that trace him in his line. No boasting like a fool. This deed I’ll do before this purpose cool. 

(narrator): Macbeth sends the murderers to Fife in order to murder Macduff’s family and terrorize the town.

(murderer): Where is your husband?

(Lady Macduff): I hope, in no place so unsanctified where such as thou mayst find him.

(murderer): He’s a traitor.

(Macduff’s Son): Thou liest, thou shag-haired villain!

(murderer): What, you egg? Young fry of treachery!

(Macduff’s Son): He has killed me, mother. Run away, I pray you!

(narrator): Lady Macduff and her son are killed by the brutal murderers.

(narrator): Learning of the raid from Macbeth’s murderers, Ross makes his way to report the news to Macduff and Malcolm.

(Ross): Your castle is surprised, your wife and babes savagely slaughtered. To relate the manner, were, on the quarry of these murdered deer to add the death of you.

(Macduff): My children too?

(Ross): Wife, children, servants, all that could be found.

(Malcolm): Let’s make us med'cines of our great revenge, to cure this deadly grief. Fight it like a man.

(Macduff): I shall do so, but I must also feel it as a man. I cannot but remember such things were that were most precious to me. Did heaven look on, and would not take their part? Sinful Macduff, they were all struck for thee! Naught that I am, not for their own demerits, but for mine, fell slaughter on their souls. Heaven rest them now.

(Macduff): Front to front bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself. Within my sword’s length set him; if he ’scape, heaven forgive him too.

(Malcolm): This tune goes manly. Come, go we to the king. Our power is ready; Our lack is nothing but our leave. Macbeth is ripe for shaking, and the powers above put on their instruments.

Narrator/The English march on Dunsinane, blood in their eyes, and the woods in their arms. 

Narrator/To win the war, successfully answer this question: How is Young Siward related to Donalbain? 
