Macbeth/Is this a dagger which I see before me, the handle toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee. I have thee not, and yet I see thee still. Art thou not, fatal vision, sensible to feeling as to sight? Or art thou but a dagger of the mind, a false creation, proceeding from the heat-oppressèd brain? I see thee yet, in form as palpable as this which now I draw. Thou marshall’st me the way that I was going, and such an instrument I was to use. Mine eyes are made the fools o' th' other senses, or else worth all the rest. I see thee still, and on thy blade and dudgeon gouts of blood, which was not so before. There’s no such thing. It is the bloody business which informs thus to mine eyes.
Macbeth/Hear not my steps, which way they walk, for fear thy very stones prate of my whereabout, and take the present horror from the time, which now suits with it. Whiles I threat, he lives. Words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives. 
Narrator/A bell rings
Macbeth/I go, and it is done. The bell invites me. Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knell that summons thee to heaven or to hell. 
Narrator/Macbeth slits Duncan’s throat with a dagger as the king lies asleep in his unguarded room.
Macbeth/I have done the deed. Methought I heard a voice cry, “Glamis hath murdered sleep, and therefore Cawdor shall sleep no more. Macbeth shall sleep no more.” 
Lady Macbeth/Why, worthy thane, you do unbend your noble strength to think so brainsickly of things.
Macbeth/I am afraid to think what I have done; Look on ’t again I dare not.
Narrator/Macbeth and Lady Macbeth return to their room, unnoticed by the guests in the house. Macduff discovers Duncan’s body when he goes to wake him.
Macduff/O horror, horror, horror! Tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee! 
Narrator/Macbeth murders the sleeping servants after smearing them with blood; in an effort to ensure no suspicions arise and the guests believe the servants murdered the king
Narrator/Duncan’s sons, Malcolm and Donalbain flee to England and Ireland respectively. Macduff and Ross return to their castles. Malcolm is suspected to of murdered his father due to his hasteful disappearance.
Banquo/Thou hast it now: king, Cawdor, Glamis, all, as the weird women promised, and I fear thou played’st most foully for ’t. Yet it was said it should not stand in thy posterity, but that myself should be the root and father of many kings. If there come truth from them— as upon thee, Macbeth, their speeches shine— why, by the verities on thee made good, may they not be my oracles as well, and set me up in hope?
Narrator/Macbeth is crowned King of Scotland, with Lady Macbeth by his side as Queen.
Macbeth/To be thus is nothing, but to be safely thus. Our fears in Banquo stick deep, and in his royalty of nature reigns that which would be feared. 'Tis much he dares, and to that dauntless temper of his mind he hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor to act in safety. There is none but he whose being I do fear, and under him.
Macbeth/He chid the sisters when first they put the name of king upon me and bade them speak to him. Then, prophetlike, they hailed him father to a line of kings. Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown and put a barren scepter in my grip, thence to be wrenched with an unlineal hand, no son of mine succeeding. If ’t be so, For Banquo’s issue have I filed my mind; For them the gracious Duncan have I murdered; Put rancors in the vessel of my peace only for them; and mine eternal jewel given to the common enemy of man, to make them kings, the seed of Banquo kings!
