Lady/Look, my husband. I have brought great fortune upon our lineage, for none stands between the throne and thee.
Macbeth/I commend you, my wife. You have acted hastily to bring great power to our family. My ambitions grow larger by your masculine courage. 
Narrator/Macbeth and Lady Macbeth return to their room, unnoticed by the guests in the house. Macduff discovers Duncan’s body when he goes to wake him.
Macduff/O horror, horror, horror! Tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee! 
Narrator/Macbeth murders the sleeping servants after smearing them with blood; in an effort to ensure no suspicions arise and the guests believe the servants murdered the king.
Narrator/Duncan’s sons, Malcolm and Donalbain flee to England and Ireland respectively. Macduff and Ross return to their castles. Malcolm is suspected to have murdered his father due to his haste disappearance.
Banquo/Thou hast it now: king, Cawdor, Glamis, all, as the weird women promised, and I fear thou played’st most foully for ’t. Yet it was said it should not stand in thy posterity, but that myself should be the root and father of many kings. If there come truth from them— as upon thee, Macbeth, their speeches shine— why, by the verities on thee made good, may they not be my oracles as well, and set me up in hope?
Narrator/Macbeth is crowned King of Scotland, with Lady Macbeth by his side as Queen.
Macbeth/To be thus is nothing, but to be safely thus. Our fears in Banquo stick deep, and in his royalty of nature reigns that which would be feared. 'Tis much he dares, and to that dauntless temper of his mind he hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor to act in safety. There is none but he whose being I do fear, and under him
Macbeth/He chid the sisters when first they put the name of king upon me and bade them speak to him. Then, prophetlike, they hailed him father to a line of kings. Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown and put a barren scepter in my grip, thence to be wrenched with an unlineal hand, no son of mine succeeding. If ’t be so, For Banquo’s issue have I filed my mind; For them the gracious Duncan have I murdered; Put rancors in the vessel of my peace only for them; and mine eternal jewel given to the common enemy of man, to make them kings, the seed of Banquo kings!
